silca
your sub guys spill here the best water
noodle I mean they said I'm gonna show
you top 5 of the fuck up place ever the
best place ever recorded
alright so place number 5 goes to
sodapoppin feral druid she's doing a
female here won one battle and he
basically morbid little even spell call
dr. kiss please number four we have
second best warrior in the world called
bashira and basically he was here his
were shot macro and by his nipples and
amber armor here you can see that they
actually took a a lot of skills place
number three goes to the old school
player Leroy Jenkins and his magical
pool in instance little champagne finish
of survival a lot better than we usually
do
oh my god he just ran in place number
two goes through Rigby
and his usage of cooking profession in
real life never salty sauce no you
didn't pour that whole thing then he
depends the painting is more and more
intense it's for those that don't know
the ghost chili is one of the hottest
peppers there is dude oh my god and the
readers place numero one place number
one is of course one and only hotter
which is rays magic you wait hey guys
before this video starts I just want to
let you know that we're giving away a
Razer Naga 2014 in this video and all I
need to do is be subscribed and check
out the link down below the Razer link
and you'll be able to participate in
this giveaway so yeah guys those were
the top five place ever recorded the
inverted fork up to the game and hope
you enjoyed them I hope you enjoyed my
list and I'll see you next video
which should be fucking amazing a
promise you until then
see applause
I'm masturbating while watching that
awesome man